README.md, before:

# ico-contracts
Ethereum smart contracts that have been used during successful ICOs

## Bancor

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/bancorprotocol/contracts

## iex.ec

Description of crowdsale: https://medium.com/iex-ec/how-to-join-iex-ecs-crowdsale-198926abe458

Deployed contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0xec33fB8D7c781F6FeaF2Dd46D521D4F292320200

### Rules

Contributors in BTC and ETH will be eligible for RLC tokens, the native tokens for the iEx.ec cloud network
 
* 1 BTC = 5000 RLC
* 1ETH = 205 RLC (Price will be updated at the moment of the crowdsale according to the ETHBTC rate)
* Minimum objective amount: 2,000 BTC
* Maximum amount: 10,000 BTC
* Max RLC total supply: 87,000,000 RLC
* Max RLC sold by crowdsale: 60,000,000 RLC

April 19 to 29 : 20% BONUS

## status.im

Deployed contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0x55d34b686aa8C04921397c5807DB9ECEdba00a4c
Token: https://etherscan.io/token/StatusNetwork

## Storj

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/Storj/storj-contracts

Token contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0xb64ef51c888972c908cfacf59b47c1afbc0ab8ac

## Matchpool

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/Matchpool/contracts

## SONM

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/sonm-io/presale-token

## Aragon

Token contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0x960b236A07cf122663c4303350609A66A7B288C0

Multisig contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0xcafe1a77e84698c83ca8931f54a755176ef75f2c

## Blockswap (MobileGO?)

Blockswap by Incent https://blockswap.incentloyalty.com/

Looks like a modification of this contract was used by MobileGO.

## Interesting repos

### Open Zeppelin

OpenZeppelin, a framework to build secure smart contracts on Ethereum 

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/zeppelin-solidity

### Contract examples by TokenMarket.net

https://github.com/TokenMarketNet/ico

Commit message:

Add aragon token and sale contracts

README.md, after:

# ico-contracts

Ethereum smart contracts that have been used during successful ICOs

## Bancor

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/bancorprotocol/contracts

## iex.ec

Description of crowdsale: https://medium.com/iex-ec/how-to-join-iex-ecs-crowdsale-198926abe458

Deployed contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0xec33fB8D7c781F6FeaF2Dd46D521D4F292320200

### Rules

Contributors in BTC and ETH will be eligible for RLC tokens, the native tokens for the iEx.ec cloud network
 
* 1 BTC = 5000 RLC
* 1ETH = 205 RLC (Price will be updated at the moment of the crowdsale according to the ETHBTC rate)
* Minimum objective amount: 2,000 BTC
* Maximum amount: 10,000 BTC
* Max RLC total supply: 87,000,000 RLC
* Max RLC sold by crowdsale: 60,000,000 RLC

April 19 to 29 : 20% BONUS

## status.im

Deployed contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0x55d34b686aa8C04921397c5807DB9ECEdba00a4c

Token: https://etherscan.io/token/StatusNetwork

## Storj

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/Storj/storj-contracts

Token contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0xb64ef51c888972c908cfacf59b47c1afbc0ab8ac

## Matchpool

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/Matchpool/contracts

## SONM

Presale contracts: Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/sonm-io/presale-token

ICO contracts: Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/sonm-io/ico-contracts

## Aragon

Token contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0x960b236A07cf122663c4303350609A66A7B288C0

Multisig contract: https://etherscan.io/address/0xcafe1a77e84698c83ca8931f54a755176ef75f2c

## Mysterium Network

GitHub repo: https://github.com/MysteriumNetwork/contracts

## Blockswap (used by MobileGO)

Swapping of tokens from Waves to Ethereum and back

Read about Blockswap by Incent https://blockswap.incentloyalty.com/

Original GitHub repo: https://github.com/bokkypoobah/Blockswap

Looks like a modification of this contract was used by MobileGO.

## Interesting repos

### Open Zeppelin

OpenZeppelin, a framework to build secure smart contracts on Ethereum 

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/zeppelin-solidity

### Contract examples by TokenMarket.net

https://github.com/TokenMarketNet/ico

### Analysis tool for smart contracts

https://github.com/melonproject/oyente

### MultiSigWallet by ConsenSys

Allows multiple parties to agree on transactions before execution.

https://github.com/ConsenSys/MultiSigWallet
